hi everyone in this tutorial I'm going
to show you how to burn a video to a CD
or DVD now for this process you're going
to need a blank CD or DVD and a program
called imgburn there are many programs
that you can use for this process this
is one of my favorites so to begin go to
this website I'll put the download link
in the description box below and then
click the download now link just here
wait for the download to begin and then
click the Save button
it's 5.3 megabytes in size so it
shouldn't take too long to download once
it's finished downloading click it to
run the file and then click run if any
security warnings appear then click Next
in this setup window put a tick in the
check box to accept the agreement and
then click Next the full installation
should be fine which is set by default
click Next
once again the default location is fine
unless you'd like to change that next
next and wait for the program to be
installed when this notification appears
you can optionally choose for imgburn to
periodically check for updates to its
program I'm going to click YES for this
but you haven't got to once it's
finished installing their official
website will appear here you can simply
close that and then go to your taskbar
and open the setup window again you can
then click the finish button as you can
see the program has now loaded so the
first thing to do once imgburn has
loaded up is to click write files slash
folders to disk go up to the main menu
at the top here click mode and make sure
the tick is placed beside
build and then go to output and make
sure the tick is placed beside device to
just check that those two things were in
place before we begin next click this
small button here which is browse for a
folder and then make sure that all of
the videos that you want to put on this
disk are placed in one folder and you
can do this very easily in Windows so
what I've done I've made a folder called
videos to burn to CD and in that I have
two videos which you can't see because
they're not the facet is looking for it
before a folder raft on a file but I've
got two videos in there so I'm going to
select that folder and then if you have
more than one CD Drive make sure that's
the one selected here and at this point
you can place your blank CD into your CD
Drive so I've just done that now then
click this calculator button just to
check that there's enough space on the
CD that you've put in if a dialog
similar to this one appears you can
simply click yes once the blue bar stops
moving you then know that it's face
calculating you can check that the
number of files is correct that it has
included all of the video files that you
want in that folder as we can see the
total file size is that number some
forty-eight million bytes and the free
space is much more than that but we can
see it's taking up seven percent so we
now know that we have enough space on
our media once you've done that the
device tab and the options tab and
almost always be kept the same so I
wouldn't go messing about with that like
a stay at default however the labels tab
you can give the volume a name so your
CD has a name for the purposes of this
video I'm going to call it burning test
and then hit the button just beside it
here which will copy that into the other
field and the Advanced tab will almost
always stay the same as well so go back
to the information tab we're now ready
to burn the videos onto the CD to do
that simply click this big button here
you may get a message like this if
you're using a rewritable disc like
myself you
simply click yes then begin to arrays
and then burn the video files on to the
disk as you can see the percentage is
displayed in the bottom left
once again click yes to any
notifications like this one you'll get a
notification like this and you can click
OK it will then begin to burn your files
on to the disk the length of this
process will depend upon the size of the
video files that you're burning if
you're using a laptop for this
particular process like I am this time
you may get a message like this so close
the disc tray and you can then click the
ok button to continue when the operation
is completed you'll get a nice tune to
let you know that that's happened and it
will then say operation successfully
completed you can then click OK and you
can take out your CD from your CD drive
now just to show that that's worked go
to my computer as you can see the blank
CD has now got 0 bytes free of 46 point
4 megabytes I'll just open that and
there are two video files which can be
played straight from the CD
so there we have it that's how to burn
videos to a CD or DVD thanks for
watching